Fix EXOPlace (#6766)
microsoft/Microsoft365DSC: CHANGELOG.md

# Change log for Microsoft365DSC

# UNRELEASED

* EXOPlace

>   * Fixes and issue with the export where it was trying to export RoomList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue with the export where it was trying to export RoomList.
```
